Go to the station in a bit
to pick up your Brother Maomao.
What era is this?
There's GPS and ride-hailing apps.
Is a station pickup really necessary?
Honestly.
What if my nephew
loses his phone? What then?
Is he your biological sister's son?
Not biological.
Just a cousin...
Cousin.
I call her Cousin-aunt.
Cousin-aunt's son.
We're barely even related.
Sister Jiajia,
but this is your cousin!
Cousins meeting for the first time...
Isn't that just like
the first meeting of Bao and Dai in *Dream of the Red Chamber*?
What "first meeting of Bao and Dai"?
We met when we were kids.
I guess he was seven and I was five back then.
Good lord, that's even better, sister.
Childhood sweethearts.
His name is Maomao, right?
Yes.
Your cousin-uncle lives here.
Uncle!
Hello there!
You've grown so tall!
Come on,
I've been this tall for over twenty years.
You're here, why did you bring gifts?
I brought you some...
these are morel mushrooms.
Alright.
Come here.
Do you still recognize her?
My little sister, Jiajia.
Right.
We've met before, remember?
You're different from when you were little.
You're different too.
Different how?
Compared to when you were little...
You're prettier.
Brother Maomao
Since you're here this time...
Have you arranged a hotel?
I was looking online...
If you don't mind...
You can stay at home.
Is that okay?
Would our brother-in-law be happy?
What brother-in-law?
Divorced.
That's great.
No...
I mean...
That wasn't a good match.
You had to divorce.
I've been divorced for a few years too.
That's wonderful.
What kind of talk is that?
Saying divorce is good.
No, Uncle.
We fought every day.
What else could we do but divorce?
If my ex-wife was half as good as our Jiajia...
I wouldn't have divorced.
Cousin, look at what you're saying.
Maomao
We've been so busy talking.
I haven't asked about your mom.
How is she doing now?
Is her health okay?
You two are young.
You didn't see my style when I was young.
Definitely more handsome than this Maomao.
Back in college...
The girls in our class...
Even the Class Belle...
Department Belle...
Chased me for over three years.
Then why didn't you two get together?
I rejected her, of course.
Regret it?
No need to regret.
What Department Belle, coarse belle.
She's an old lady by now.
The day after tomorrow...
Is our Class of '77...
First reunion since graduation.
I really want to see...
What she looks like as an old lady.
If that old lady...
No...
I mean that old Department Belle.
If she chases you again...
Will you agree this time?
Shoo.
This kid is even more of a gossip than me.
How do you know...
That old Department Belle doesn't have a husband at home?
Having a husband doesn't stop her from chasing, Auntie Cai.
Don't.
Don't talk nonsense.
I've already found out from classmates.
Widowed.
You're so invested.
Can't get that old lady out of your mind.
Means you've got intentions.
Dad.
What's wrong?
Dad, what's wrong with you?
What do we do?
Dad.
Dr. Sun, do we need to go to the hospital?
My dad has never fainted before.
It's not serious.
He just suffered a sudden, intense shock.
He'll be fine after a few days of rest.
Jiajia.
What shock did your dad get to end up like this?
Yeah.
He didn't get any shock.
We were just chatting here.
Speaking of which, my brother's mom passed away.
What happened?
Help him up, rub his back.
Easy now.
That's a deep bond between siblings.
When my mom passed away...
What's going on?
...she kept talking about my uncle.
She also said...
...for me to personally...
...take a floral towel...
...and put it in my uncle's hands.
Where is it?
Mao...
Uncle.
I...
Mao...
I'm here.
I'm here, Uncle.
Where is the towel?
The towel.
Got it.
It's here.
Don't get agitated, Dad.
Take your time and tell us.
It's so cool.
Cool?
It's not chilly today.
I don't mean the weather is cool.
I mean you are very stylish.
It means following the trend.
Drop-dead handsome and super cool.
Simply irresistible.
You call this fashionable?
Old school classy.
Just an old gentleman.
Why are you dressed so gentlemanly today?
I'm going to a class reunion today.
Asking what you already know.
I know.
Just to make...
...Grandma Department Belle's eyes light up.
Grandpa Li, are you feeling any better?
I'm done for.
Dad, what nonsense are you talking?
Old Li.
Pull yourself together.
Don't be so dispirited.
Life still has many wonderful things.
Take me for example.
Tonight...
...I will...
...with the Department Belle classmate I haven't seen in over 40 years...
...have a long-awaited reunion.
Aren't you happy for me?
Bless you, Old Fan.
I hope you and the Department Belle get back together.
And renew your past romance.
Don't leave any regrets.
I...
...will never have the chance again.
No...
Jiajia.
What?
Thanks, Brother Maomao.
Brother Maomao.
So how many days can you stay this time?
I'm done with my business.
I can leave anytime.
But I...
For...
...I'll just stay a few more days.
For what?
What am I doing it for?
You don't know?
It would be great if you didn't leave.
No,
Brother Maomao,
neither of us are kids anymore.
We've both had unfortunate pasts.
So stop holding back.
No,
Sis, I'm not holding back.
I...
Actually,
when I arrived yesterday and saw you,
I just...
I was thinking the exact same thing as you.
Then that's settled.
But...
but just now, I suddenly had a thought.
I felt like...
this feeling of closeness between us...
what if it isn't love?
Wait,
love?
No,
what do you mean?
Sit down.
Don't you think
my Uncle
is acting a bit strange?
How so?
Why do I sound like you now?
Think about it.
My mom
was just one of his
distant...
distant cousins.
When my Uncle heard my mom passed away,
why would he have
such a huge reaction?
Yeah, I was wondering that too.
When my mom passed away back then,
I don't think he was even that grief-stricken.
Also,
my mom...
on her deathbed,
holding that towel in her hand,
she gasped and told me,
"Once I'm gone,
you must treat your cousin well.
And your Uncle...
they are your closest family."
Think about it.
What does that mean?
Now I'm thinking,
is there another possibility?
That you and I
are actually direct blood relatives?
Professor Fan
Auntie Cai told us everything
About your date with that first love
How was it?
Yeah
Tell us about it, quick
Did you rekindle the old flame with that Department Belle?
Did you meet?
We did meet
And it felt pretty good
As for the old flame...
We didn't rekindle it
Isn't that a waste of time?
That's actually pretty good
It's been over forty years
And it still felt good
That's quite rare
You don't find guys like that nowadays
What's wrong with guys nowadays?
That is naked prejudice
Alright
No
So...
What happens next?
What else can happen?
She was just...
Chatting with me politely
When I brought up the past
She said she didn't remember anything
Our Professor Fan is such an excellent man
And he got the cold shoulder from her
No
Then I think this old Department Belle
Is a bit too full of herself
After all, so many years have passed
"Fallen flowers, flowing water, spring is gone"
Exactly
There are plenty more fish in the sea
So many people have their eyes on our Professor Fan
However... However
She said she's coming to see me tomorrow
Asked me to send her my location
Seize the opportunity
Don't leave any regrets
Dad
The two of us
Have something to ask you
Answer truthfully.
Are you and my Cousin-aunt...
It's no big deal.
Uncle.
We're just chatting casually.
Right.
We just want to know.
You and my Mom.
Yeah, Dad.
Just tell us the honest truth.
Meaning, you and my Cousin-aunt...
Have some unspeakable relationship?
I won't take it to heart.
Right.
Since we're at this point...
I'll tell you the truth.
So there really is something!
I won't hide the truth from you.
Maomao.
You actually...
Don't know your mother.
You scared me to death.
In your eyes...
Your mother works hard all day.
Nagging all the time.
Old and faded.
Sloppy and unkempt.
But you don't know...
Back then, for miles around...
Your mother was a famous beauty.
With big eyes...
And braids thick and long.
My cousin and I...
Just like in that song.
Thank you...
Uncle.
You just...
Say it.
No need to sing.
All right.
Wait, Dad.
So you and Cousin-aunt really were...
In that kind of relationship?
I must admit.
In those days...
In that environment...
At that age...
Indeed...
Definitely...
Truly...
It was something like that.
What do you mean "like that"?
Our division's propaganda team...
Wasn't far from your Beiyin Tun.
Your mother often came to visit me.
And I...
Often popped over to your house.
To eat.
To get a good meal.
To have a treat.
Your mom's sticky bean buns...
That stewed carp...
And those pickled cabbage dumplings...
They were incredibly delicious.
A taste I'll never forget.
Once,
I had a fever.
It was over 40 degrees.
I was burning up so bad I convulsed.
As the saying goes,
"Infantile convulsions,
a narrow escape from death."
Of course, I wasn't an infant.
Right.
It was all thanks to your Cousin-aunt caring for me.
We were together day and night for three days.
She pulled me back from death's door.
Together day and night?
For three days and three nights?
Yeah, Dad.
Three days and nights, you and Cousin-aunt...
what did you do?
What else could we do?
I was having convulsions!
My cousin took meticulous care of me.
She brewed medicine for me,
gave me acupuncture,
rubbed alcohol on my chest,
and rubbed my back.
Your mom was
a self-taught barefoot doctor.
One silver needle cured a hundred diseases.
Praised by all the poor and lower-middle peasants.
Later, they said she was practicing without a license
and made her stop.
What a pity.
But she saved my life!
Later on,
before I returned to division headquarters,
your Cousin-aunt gave me this towel.
She was afraid I'd catch a cold,
so she wrapped it around my head.
I wore this headscarf
and fought heaven and earth with full vigor.
Uncle.
What happened next?
Later...
Later on,
I returned to division headquarters,
and the division
recommended me to Chaoyang Agricultural College.
That was...
do you remember what year that was?
I'll never forget it.
The earth-shaking year of 1976.
1976, right?
The night before returning to the city,
my cousin and I went to the riverside.
In that patch of
small woods we planted ourselves,
the two of us...
just talked all night.
I gave this towel as a token
to my cousin.
I told her,
I'd come back for her after graduation.
But in October of that year,
she married my dad.
After the Spring Festival the next year,
I was born.
Dad.
Just tell us straight,
did you and Cousin-aunt ever...
We're chatting here.
Just now,
Jiajia said she had something to tell your dad.
I figured,
nine times out of ten,
you two want to get together.
Right?
Do you two really mean that?
Don't listen to Auntie Cai's nonsense.
Yes.
That's right.
Dad,
we just want to get together.
What do you think?
My sharp eyes, good lord!
See how accurate I am, right?
How could your dad disagree with such good news?
A talented man and a beautiful woman,
making the family ties even closer.
Auntie Cai is the first to raise both hands in approval.
Uncle,
what's your opinion?
Why still call me Uncle?
Just call me Dad directly.
You really should call me Dad.
What are you gasping at?
If you marry Jiajia,
wouldn't you call him Dad?
Your community is really beautiful
This lake...
This tree...
And that little stone boat...
It looks just like the Nameless Lake at our school.
Yes, back then...
We used to be by the lakeside often...
Reading...
Discussing, memorizing vocabulary...
Yes, we often took walks by the lake.
You still remember?
How could I forget?
Even now...
I often dream of that place back then.
I thought...
You had forgotten everything.
How is that possible?
Not only have I not forgotten,
But also...
You often appear in my dreams too.
Really?
Of course it's true.
Otherwise, with so many boys chasing me...
Why would I insist on being with you?
Doesn't that explain everything?
Then...
After graduation...
Why did you leave me again?
Dacheng, come, sit down.
Actually, for all these years...
I've always wanted to explain to you.
But I never had the chance.
Chatting, are we?
This must be that Department Belle sister.
You look so pretty.
You're two years older than me, right?
But you look just like my eldest niece!
This sister really knows how to talk.
Come...
Let me introduce myself.
I am...
Professor Fan's neighbor.
I often hear him talk about you.
Saying how wonderful you are...
And how compatible the two of you are.
He said your husband passed away...
That's great!
I mean, what I'm trying to say is...
You and Professor Fan, on the journey of life...
Have met again.
Why not join forces for a better life?
Why don't you just...
Just... Auntie Cai!
Why don't you go cool off somewhere else?
Didn't Professor Fan ask me...
To set the two of you up?
When did I ever...
Just go, quickly.
Go on.
That Little Cai...
She's just a warm-hearted person.
Well...
Jing Xian.
Don't take it to heart.
How could I?
Who knows, maybe what she said...
...is exactly what's in my heart.
Jing Xian.
Is that really how you feel?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I was afraid I was dreaming,
so I pinched my thigh.
It's just that...
I'm troubled by something every day right now,
and I simply don't have time to consider...
...the matters between us.
What is it?
Xian.
Can I help?
You can definitely help with this.
You know my granddaughter, Wu Aijia.
Her candidate number is 916077.
She is currently applying for...
...a master's degree at Huaguang Management College.
Right now, she's stuck at...
...the interview stage.
Well...
I've looked into it.
You know the dean and the examiners very well.
They are either your old friends...
...or your former students.
If you just send them a WeChat message,
you could change my granddaughter's life.
At our age...
...the children's affairs...
...are more important than our own.
You understand, right?
I cannot understand.
That is your child.
Not my child.
How can you say that?
Later on...
...when we become a family...
Jiajia...
...will be a child to both of us.
But no matter whose child it is...
...once I do this...
...the one getting hurt...
...will be someone else's child.
Jing Xian.
It seems that becoming a family...
...will be quite difficult.
This time...
...you deigning to visit me at the nursing home...
...wasn't actually because of any lingering feelings.
Right?
Those things you just said...
...were actually all because...
...the child's matters are more important than anything.
Right?
It seems you won't help with this.
Do you want to reconsider?
No need.
Thank you very much...
...for coming to see me.
Making this life of mine...
...free of regrets.
It seems you haven't changed a bit.
I'm leaving then.
Goodbye.
Professor Fan
I admire him.
Uncle said
we're just ordinary siblings.
But he also admitted
it's not a normal relationship.
But he keeps denying there's proof.
But the timing in the woods matches.
It's not about our relationship,
he didn't fiercely oppose it either.
Simply put,
just let Dad...
you and your Uncle...
go do a paternity test.
Then we'll know everything.
Would my Uncle agree?
Besides,
what if
Uncle turns out to be my real dad?
What about the one back home?
Call him Uncle?
Would that work?
No matter what,
he's the dad who raised me.
True.
In that case,
we really won't have a chance.
Sis,
how about
we both cool off for a bit.
Brother Maomao,
now that you're leaving,
will you come back?
Don't overthink it.
Didn't my mom say when she was alive,
you and my Uncle
are the people closest to me.
I was thinking,
I'll go back to Sanjiang for now
to take care of my dad.
As for us,
let's both calm down
and think it over.
If after a while
we still feel
we can't let go of each other,
then we'll solve that case.
Okay?
Well, look,
you're about to leave.
Can you
give me a hug?
How should I hug?
Like
siblings, or...
It's hard to judge the boundaries.
You just
just do as you see fit.
Carry on. I'm blind.
Go, go, go. Hurry.
Old Fan,
it's been so many days.
Are you going to get better?
Why are you still feigning illness?
You're one to talk.
Aren't you in a wheelchair yourself?
I miss my cousin.
My heart aches for that Department Belle.
At least your Department Belle is alive.
My cousin
is separated from me by death.
But in my heart,
she's already gone.
I'm living a life worse than death.
What are you two chatting about?
Talking death so early? Eat.
I'm really sorry, Ms. Liu,
that you have to get food for us.
Here, come.
Rest a bit.
Sit here.
Where are the students?
Said they have a meeting,
and asked me to take care of you.
Ms. Liu,
I'm still in a bad mood.
You need to keep me company.
Okay.
I'm practically clinically depressed.
I need Ms. Liu's special care.
I